Add k6 studio docs initial content (#1783)
grafana/k6-docs: docs/sources/k6-studio/components/_index.md

---
title: 'Components'
description: 'Understand the components that make up k6 Studio'
weight: 400
---

# Components

The k6 Studio desktop application consists of three components:

> - [**Test Recorder**](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/latest/components/test-recorder/): The Test Recorder can help you generate test scripts. When you start a recording, the application uses a proxy recorder and launches an instance of Chrome, and records the traffic from your actions on the browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Test Recorder**](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/latest/components/test-recorder/): The Test Recorder can help you generate an HAR file. When you start a recording, the application uses a proxy recorder and launches an instance of Chrome, and records the traffic from your actions on the browser.
```
